apps/docs/content/docs/tools/google_search.mdx, before:

---
title: Google Search
description: Search the web
---

import { BlockInfoCard } from "@/components/ui/block-info-card"

<BlockInfoCard 
  type="google_search"
  color="#E0E0E0"
  icon={true}
  iconSvg={`<svg className="block-icon"  xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg' viewBox='0 0 48 48'  >
      <path
        fill='#fbc02d'
        d='M43.611,20.083H42V20H24v8h11.303c-1.649,4.657-6.08,8-11.303,8c-6.627,0-12-5.373-12-12	s5.373-12,12-12c3.059,0,5.842,1.154,7.961,3.039l5.657-5.657C34.046,6.053,29.268,4,24,4C12.955,4,4,12.955,4,24s8.955,20,20,20	s20-8.955,20-20C44,22.659,43.862,21.35,43.611,20.083z'
      />
      <path
        fill='#e53935'
        d='M6.306,14.691l6.571,4.819C14.655,15.108,18.961,12,24,12c3.059,0,5.842,1.154,7.961,3.039	l5.657-5.657C34.046,6.053,29.268,4,24,4C16.318,4,9.656,8.337,6.306,14.691z'
      />
      <path
        fill='#4caf50'
        d='M24,44c5.166,0,9.86-1.977,13.409-5.192l-6.19-5.238C29.211,35.091,26.715,36,24,36	c-5.202,0-9.619-3.317-11.283-7.946l-6.522,5.025C9.505,39.556,16.227,44,24,44z'
      />
      <path
        fill='#1565c0'
        d='M43.611,20.083L43.595,20L42,20H24v8h11.303c-0.792,2.237-2.231,4.166-4.087,5.571	c0.001-0.001,0.002-0.001,0.003-0.002l6.19,5.238C36.971,39.205,44,34,44,24C44,22.659,43.862,21.35,43.611,20.083z'
      />
    </svg>`}
/>

{/* MANUAL-CONTENT-START:intro */}
[Google Search](https://www.google.com) is the world's most widely used search engine, providing access to billions of web pages and information sources. Google Search uses sophisticated algorithms to deliver relevant search results based on user queries, making it an essential tool for finding information on the internet.

Learn how to integrate the Google Search tool in Sim Studio to effortlessly fetch real-time search results through your workflows. This tutorial walks you through connecting Google Search, configuring search queries, and using live data to enhance automation. Perfect for powering your agents with up-to-date information and smarter decision-making.

<iframe
  width="100%"
  height="400"
  src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/1B7hV9b5UMQ"
  title="Use the Google Search tool in Sim Studio"
  frameBorder="0"
  allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture"
  allowFullScreen
></iframe>

With Google Search, you can:

- **Find relevant information**: Access billions of web pages with Google's powerful search algorithms
- **Get specific results**: Use search operators to refine and target your queries
- **Discover diverse content**: Find text, images, videos, news, and other content types
- **Access knowledge graphs**: Get structured information about people, places, and things
- **Utilize search features**: Take advantage of specialized search tools like calculators, unit converters, and more

In Sim Studio, the Google Search integration enables your agents to search the web programmatically and incorporate search results into their workflows. This allows for powerful automation scenarios such as research, fact-checking, data gathering, and information synthesis. Your agents can formulate search queries, retrieve relevant results, and extract information from those results to make decisions or generate insights. This integration bridges the gap between your AI workflows and the vast information available on the web, enabling your agents to access up-to-date information from across the internet. By connecting Sim Studio with Google Search, you can create agents that stay informed with the latest information, verify facts, conduct research, and provide users with relevant web content - all without leaving your workflow.
{/* MANUAL-CONTENT-END */}


## Usage Instructions

Searches the web using the Google Custom Search API, which provides high-quality search results from the entire internet or a specific site defined by a custom search engine ID.



## Tools

### `google_search`

Search the web with the Custom Search API

#### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `query` | string | Yes | The search query to execute |
| `apiKey` | string | Yes | Google API key |
| `searchEngineId` | string | Yes | Custom Search Engine ID |
| `num` | string | No | Number of results to return \(default: 10, max: 10\) |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type |
| --------- | ---- |
| `items` | string |
| `searchInformation` | string |
| `searchTime` | string |
| `formattedSearchTime` | string |
| `formattedTotalResults` | string |



## Block Configuration

### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description | 
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- | 
| `query` | string | Yes | Search Query - Enter your search query |



### Outputs

This block does not produce any outputs.

## Notes

- Category: `tools`
- Type: `google_search`

Commit message:

fix(docs): fixed docs script to reflect the new output format for all blocks (#653)
* fix(docs): fixed tool docs generator script to match new output structure from blocks

* updated outdated docs

apps/docs/content/docs/tools/google_search.mdx, after:

---
title: Google Search
description: Search the web
---

import { BlockInfoCard } from "@/components/ui/block-info-card"

<BlockInfoCard 
  type="google_search"
  color="#E0E0E0"
  icon={true}
  iconSvg={`<svg className="block-icon"  xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg' viewBox='0 0 48 48'  >
      <path
        fill='#fbc02d'
        d='M43.611,20.083H42V20H24v8h11.303c-1.649,4.657-6.08,8-11.303,8c-6.627,0-12-5.373-12-12	s5.373-12,12-12c3.059,0,5.842,1.154,7.961,3.039l5.657-5.657C34.046,6.053,29.268,4,24,4C12.955,4,4,12.955,4,24s8.955,20,20,20	s20-8.955,20-20C44,22.659,43.862,21.35,43.611,20.083z'
      />
      <path
        fill='#e53935'
        d='M6.306,14.691l6.571,4.819C14.655,15.108,18.961,12,24,12c3.059,0,5.842,1.154,7.961,3.039	l5.657-5.657C34.046,6.053,29.268,4,24,4C16.318,4,9.656,8.337,6.306,14.691z'
      />
      <path
        fill='#4caf50'
        d='M24,44c5.166,0,9.86-1.977,13.409-5.192l-6.19-5.238C29.211,35.091,26.715,36,24,36	c-5.202,0-9.619-3.317-11.283-7.946l-6.522,5.025C9.505,39.556,16.227,44,24,44z'
      />
      <path
        fill='#1565c0'
        d='M43.611,20.083L43.595,20L42,20H24v8h11.303c-0.792,2.237-2.231,4.166-4.087,5.571	c0.001-0.001,0.002-0.001,0.003-0.002l6.19,5.238C36.971,39.205,44,34,44,24C44,22.659,43.862,21.35,43.611,20.083z'
      />
    </svg>`}
/>

{/* MANUAL-CONTENT-START:intro */}
[Google Search](https://www.google.com) is the world's most widely used search engine, providing access to billions of web pages and information sources. Google Search uses sophisticated algorithms to deliver relevant search results based on user queries, making it an essential tool for finding information on the internet.

Learn how to integrate the Google Search tool in Sim Studio to effortlessly fetch real-time search results through your workflows. This tutorial walks you through connecting Google Search, configuring search queries, and using live data to enhance automation. Perfect for powering your agents with up-to-date information and smarter decision-making.

<iframe
  width="100%"
  height="400"
  src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/1B7hV9b5UMQ"
  title="Use the Google Search tool in Sim Studio"
  frameBorder="0"
  allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture"
  allowFullScreen
></iframe>

With Google Search, you can:

- **Find relevant information**: Access billions of web pages with Google's powerful search algorithms
- **Get specific results**: Use search operators to refine and target your queries
- **Discover diverse content**: Find text, images, videos, news, and other content types
- **Access knowledge graphs**: Get structured information about people, places, and things
- **Utilize search features**: Take advantage of specialized search tools like calculators, unit converters, and more

In Sim Studio, the Google Search integration enables your agents to search the web programmatically and incorporate search results into their workflows. This allows for powerful automation scenarios such as research, fact-checking, data gathering, and information synthesis. Your agents can formulate search queries, retrieve relevant results, and extract information from those results to make decisions or generate insights. This integration bridges the gap between your AI workflows and the vast information available on the web, enabling your agents to access up-to-date information from across the internet. By connecting Sim Studio with Google Search, you can create agents that stay informed with the latest information, verify facts, conduct research, and provide users with relevant web content - all without leaving your workflow.
{/* MANUAL-CONTENT-END */}


## Usage Instructions

Searches the web using the Google Custom Search API, which provides high-quality search results from the entire internet or a specific site defined by a custom search engine ID.



## Tools

### `google_search`

Search the web with the Custom Search API

#### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `query` | string | Yes | The search query to execute |
| `apiKey` | string | Yes | Google API key |
| `searchEngineId` | string | Yes | Custom Search Engine ID |
| `num` | string | No | Number of results to return \(default: 10, max: 10\) |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type |
| --------- | ---- |
| `items` | string |
| `searchInformation` | string |
| `searchTime` | string |
| `formattedSearchTime` | string |
| `formattedTotalResults` | string |



## Block Configuration

### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description | 
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- | 
| `query` | string | Yes | Search Query - Enter your search query |



### Outputs

| Output | Type | Description |
| ------ | ---- | ----------- |
| `items` | json | items output from the block |
| `searchInformation` | json | searchInformation output from the block |


## Notes

- Category: `tools`
- Type: `google_search`
