apps/docs/content/docs/tools/knowledge.mdx, before:

---
title: Knowledge
description: Use vector search
---

import { BlockInfoCard } from "@/components/ui/block-info-card"

<BlockInfoCard 
  type="knowledge"
  color="#00B0B0"
  icon={true}
  iconSvg={`<svg className="block-icon"
      
      xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'
      
      
      viewBox='0 0 24 24'
      fill='none'
      stroke='currentColor'
      strokeWidth='1.5'
      strokeLinecap='round'
      strokeLinejoin='round'
    >
      <path d='M21 10V8a2 2 0 0 0-1-1.73l-7-4a2 2 0 0 0-2 0l-7 4A2 2 0 0 0 3 8v8a2 2 0 0 0 1 1.73l7 4a2 2 0 0 0 2 0l2-1.14' />
      <path d='m7.5 4.27 9 5.15' />
      <polyline points='3.29 7 12 12 20.71 7' />
      <line x1='12' x2='12' y1='22' y2='12' />
      <circle cx='18.5' cy='15.5' r='2.5' />
      <path d='M20.27 17.27 22 19' />
    </svg>`}
/>

{/* MANUAL-CONTENT-START:intro */}
Sim Studio's Knowledge Base is a powerful native feature that enables you to create, manage, and query custom knowledge bases directly within the platform. Using advanced AI embeddings and vector search technology, the Knowledge Base block allows you to build intelligent search capabilities into your workflows, making it easy to find and utilize relevant information across your organization.

The Knowledge Base system provides a comprehensive solution for managing organizational knowledge through its flexible and scalable architecture. With its built-in vector search capabilities, teams can perform semantic searches that understand meaning and context, going beyond traditional keyword matching.

Key features of the Knowledge Base include:

- Semantic Search: Advanced AI-powered search that understands meaning and context, not just keywords
- Vector Embeddings: Automatic conversion of text into high-dimensional vectors for intelligent similarity matching
- Custom Knowledge Bases: Create and manage multiple knowledge bases for different purposes or departments
- Flexible Content Types: Support for various document formats and content types
- Real-time Updates: Immediate indexing of new content for instant searchability

In Sim Studio, the Knowledge Base block enables your agents to perform intelligent semantic searches across your custom knowledge bases. This creates opportunities for automated information retrieval, content recommendations, and knowledge discovery as part of your AI workflows. The integration allows agents to search and retrieve relevant information programmatically, facilitating automated knowledge management tasks and ensuring that important information is easily accessible. By leveraging the Knowledge Base block, you can build intelligent agents that enhance information discovery while automating routine knowledge management tasks, improving team efficiency and ensuring consistent access to organizational knowledge.
{/* MANUAL-CONTENT-END */}


## Usage Instructions

Perform semantic vector search across one or more knowledge bases or upload new chunks to documents. Uses advanced AI embeddings to understand meaning and context for search operations.



## Tools

### `knowledge_search`

Search for similar content in one or more knowledge bases using vector similarity

#### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `knowledgeBaseIds` | string | Yes | ID of the knowledge base to search in, or comma-separated IDs for multiple knowledge bases |
| `query` | string | Yes | Search query text |
| `topK` | number | No | Number of most similar results to return \(1-100\) |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type |
| --------- | ---- |
| `results` | string |
| `query` | string |
| `totalResults` | string |

### `knowledge_upload_chunk`

Upload a new chunk to a document in a knowledge base

#### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `knowledgeBaseId` | string | Yes | ID of the knowledge base containing the document |
| `documentId` | string | Yes | ID of the document to upload the chunk to |
| `content` | string | Yes | Content of the chunk to upload |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type |
| --------- | ---- |
| `data` | string |
| `chunkIndex` | string |
| `content` | string |
| `contentLength` | string |
| `tokenCount` | string |
| `enabled` | string |
| `createdAt` | string |
| `updatedAt` | string |



## Block Configuration

### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description | 
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- | 
| `operation` | string | Yes | Operation |



### Outputs

| Output | Type | Description |
| ------ | ---- | ----------- |
| `response` | object | Output from response |
| ↳ `results` | json | results of the response |
| ↳ `query` | string | query of the response |
| ↳ `totalResults` | number | totalResults of the response |


## Notes

- Category: `blocks`
- Type: `knowledge`

Commit message:

v0.2.4: feat, improvement, fix (#595)
* feat(function): added more granular error logs for function execution for easier debugging (#593)

* added more granular error logs for function execution

* added tests

* fixed syntax error reporting

* feat(models): added temp controls for gpt-4.1 family of models (#594)

* improvement(knowledge-upload): create and upload document to KB (#579)

* improvement: added knowledge upload

* improvement: added greptile comments (#579)

* improvement: changed to text to doc (#579)

* improvement: removed comment (#579)

* added input validation, tested persistence of KB selector

* update docs

---------

Co-authored-by: Adam Gough <adamgough@Mac.attlocal.net>
Co-authored-by: Waleed Latif <walif6@gmail.com>

* fix(remove workflow.state usage): no more usage of deprecated state column in any routes (#586)

* fix(remove workflow.state usage): no more usage of deprecated state col in routes

* fix lint

* fix chat route to only use deployed state

* fix lint

* better typing

* remove useless logs

* fix lint

* restore workflow handler file

* removed all other usages of deprecated 'state' column from workflows table, updated tests

---------

Co-authored-by: Vikhyath Mondreti <vikhyathmondreti@Vikhyaths-MacBook-Air.local>
Co-authored-by: Waleed Latif <walif6@gmail.com>

---------

Co-authored-by: Waleed Latif <walif6@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Adam Gough <77861281+aadamgough@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Adam Gough <adamgough@Mac.attlocal.net>
Co-authored-by: Vikhyath Mondreti <vikhyathmondreti@Vikhyaths-MacBook-Air.local>

apps/docs/content/docs/tools/knowledge.mdx, after:

---
title: Knowledge
description: Use vector search
---

import { BlockInfoCard } from "@/components/ui/block-info-card"

<BlockInfoCard 
  type="knowledge"
  color="#00B0B0"
  icon={true}
  iconSvg={`<svg className="block-icon"
      
      xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'
      
      
      viewBox='0 0 24 24'
      fill='none'
      stroke='currentColor'
      strokeWidth='1.5'
      strokeLinecap='round'
      strokeLinejoin='round'
    >
      <path d='M21 10V8a2 2 0 0 0-1-1.73l-7-4a2 2 0 0 0-2 0l-7 4A2 2 0 0 0 3 8v8a2 2 0 0 0 1 1.73l7 4a2 2 0 0 0 2 0l2-1.14' />
      <path d='m7.5 4.27 9 5.15' />
      <polyline points='3.29 7 12 12 20.71 7' />
      <line x1='12' x2='12' y1='22' y2='12' />
      <circle cx='18.5' cy='15.5' r='2.5' />
      <path d='M20.27 17.27 22 19' />
    </svg>`}
/>

{/* MANUAL-CONTENT-START:intro */}
Sim Studio's Knowledge Base is a powerful native feature that enables you to create, manage, and query custom knowledge bases directly within the platform. Using advanced AI embeddings and vector search technology, the Knowledge Base block allows you to build intelligent search capabilities into your workflows, making it easy to find and utilize relevant information across your organization.

The Knowledge Base system provides a comprehensive solution for managing organizational knowledge through its flexible and scalable architecture. With its built-in vector search capabilities, teams can perform semantic searches that understand meaning and context, going beyond traditional keyword matching.

Key features of the Knowledge Base include:

- Semantic Search: Advanced AI-powered search that understands meaning and context, not just keywords
- Vector Embeddings: Automatic conversion of text into high-dimensional vectors for intelligent similarity matching
- Custom Knowledge Bases: Create and manage multiple knowledge bases for different purposes or departments
- Flexible Content Types: Support for various document formats and content types
- Real-time Updates: Immediate indexing of new content for instant searchability

In Sim Studio, the Knowledge Base block enables your agents to perform intelligent semantic searches across your custom knowledge bases. This creates opportunities for automated information retrieval, content recommendations, and knowledge discovery as part of your AI workflows. The integration allows agents to search and retrieve relevant information programmatically, facilitating automated knowledge management tasks and ensuring that important information is easily accessible. By leveraging the Knowledge Base block, you can build intelligent agents that enhance information discovery while automating routine knowledge management tasks, improving team efficiency and ensuring consistent access to organizational knowledge.
{/* MANUAL-CONTENT-END */}


## Usage Instructions

Perform semantic vector search across knowledge bases, upload individual chunks to existing documents, or create new documents from text content. Uses advanced AI embeddings to understand meaning and context for search operations.



## Tools

### `knowledge_search`

Search for similar content in one or more knowledge bases using vector similarity

#### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `knowledgeBaseIds` | string | Yes | ID of the knowledge base to search in, or comma-separated IDs for multiple knowledge bases |
| `query` | string | Yes | Search query text |
| `topK` | number | No | Number of most similar results to return \(1-100\) |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type |
| --------- | ---- |
| `results` | string |
| `query` | string |
| `totalResults` | string |

### `knowledge_upload_chunk`

Upload a new chunk to a document in a knowledge base

#### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `knowledgeBaseId` | string | Yes | ID of the knowledge base containing the document |
| `documentId` | string | Yes | ID of the document to upload the chunk to |
| `content` | string | Yes | Content of the chunk to upload |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type |
| --------- | ---- |
| `data` | string |
| `chunkIndex` | string |
| `content` | string |
| `contentLength` | string |
| `tokenCount` | string |
| `enabled` | string |
| `createdAt` | string |
| `updatedAt` | string |

### `knowledge_create_document`

Create a new document in a knowledge base

#### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `knowledgeBaseId` | string | Yes | ID of the knowledge base containing the document |
| `name` | string | Yes | Name of the document |
| `content` | string | Yes | Content of the document |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type |
| --------- | ---- |
| `data` | string |
| `name` | string |



## Block Configuration

### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description | 
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- | 
| `operation` | string | Yes | Operation |



### Outputs

| Output | Type | Description |
| ------ | ---- | ----------- |
| `response` | object | Output from response |
| ↳ `results` | json | results of the response |
| ↳ `query` | string | query of the response |
| ↳ `totalResults` | number | totalResults of the response |


## Notes

- Category: `blocks`
- Type: `knowledge`
