apps/docs/content/docs/tools/notion.mdx, before:

---
title: Notion
description: Manage Notion pages
---

import { BlockInfoCard } from "@/components/ui/block-info-card"

<BlockInfoCard 
  type="notion"
  color="#181C1E"
  icon={true}
  iconSvg={`<svg className="block-icon" xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg' viewBox='0 0 50 50'   >
      <path
        d='M31.494141 5.1503906L5.9277344 7.0019531A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.9042969 7.0039062A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.8652344 7.0097656A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.7929688 7.0214844A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.7636719 7.0292969A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.7304688 7.0371094A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.6582031 7.0605469A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.6113281 7.0800781A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.5839844 7.0917969A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.4335938 7.1777344A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.4082031 7.1933594A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.3476562 7.2421875A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.3359375 7.2539062A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.2871094 7.2988281A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.2578125 7.3320312A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.2148438 7.3828125A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.1992188 7.4023438A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.15625 7.4648438A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.1445312 7.484375A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.1074219 7.5488281A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.09375 7.5761719A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.0644531 7.6484375A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.0605469 7.65625A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.015625 7.8300781A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.0097656 7.8613281A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.0019531 7.9414062A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.0019531 7.9453125A1.0001 1.0001 0 005 8L5 33.738281C5 34.76391 5.3151542 35.766862 5.9042969 36.607422A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.953125 36.671875L12.126953 44.101562A1.0001 1.0001 0 0012.359375 44.382812L12.75 44.851562A1.0006635 1.0006635 0 0012.917969 45.011719C13.50508 45.581386 14.317167 45.917563 15.193359 45.861328L42.193359 44.119141C43.762433 44.017718 45 42.697027 45 41.125L45 15.132812C45 14.209354 44.565523 13.390672 43.904297 12.839844A1.0008168 1.0008168 0 0043.748047 12.695312L43.263672 12.337891A1.0001 1.0001 0 0043.0625 12.189453L34.824219 6.1132812C33.865071 5.4054876 32.682705 5.0641541 31.494141 5.1503906zM31.638672 7.1445312C32.352108 7.0927682 33.061867 7.29845 33.636719 7.7226562L39.767578 12.246094L14.742188 13.884766C13.880567 13.941006 13.037689 13.622196 12.425781 13.011719L12.423828 13.011719L8.2539062 8.8398438L31.638672 7.1445312zM7 10.414062L11.011719 14.425781L12 15.414062L12 40.818359L7.5390625 35.449219C7.1899317 34.947488 7 34.351269 7 33.738281L7 10.414062zM41.935547 14.134766C42.526748 14.096822 43 14.54116 43 15.132812L43 41.125C43 41.660973 42.59938 42.08847 42.064453 42.123047L15.064453 43.865234C14.770856 43.884078 14.506356 43.783483 14.314453 43.605469A1.0006635 1.0006635 0 0014.3125 43.603516C14.3125 43.603516 14.310547 43.601562 14.310547 43.601562C14.306465 43.597733 14.304796 43.59179 14.300781 43.587891A1.0006635 1.0006635 0 0014.289062 43.572266C14.112238 43.393435 14 43.149431 14 42.867188L14 16.875C14 16.337536 14.39999 15.911571 14.935547 15.876953L41.935547 14.134766zM38.496094 19L33.421875 19.28125C32.647875 19.36125 31.746094 19.938 31.746094 20.875L33.996094 21.0625L33.996094 31.753906L26.214844 19.751953L20.382812 20.080078C19.291812 20.160078 18.994141 20.970953 18.994141 22.001953L21.244141 22.001953L21.244141 37.566406C21.244141 37.566406 20.191844 37.850406 19.839844 37.941406C19.091844 38.134406 18.994141 38.784906 18.994141 39.253906C18.994141 39.253906 22.746656 39.065547 24.472656 38.935547C26.431656 38.785547 26.496094 37.472656 26.496094 37.472656L24.246094 37.003906L24.246094 25.470703C24.246094 25.470703 29.965844 34.660328 31.714844 37.361328C32.537844 38.630328 33.152375 38.878906 34.234375 38.878906C35.122375 38.878906 35.962141 38.616594 36.994141 38.058594L36.994141 20.697266C36.994141 20.697266 37.184203 20.687141 37.783203 20.494141C38.466203 20.273141 38.496094 19.656 38.496094 19z'
        fill='currentColor'
      />
    </svg>`}
/>

{/* MANUAL-CONTENT-START:intro */}
[Notion](https://www.notion.so) is an all-in-one workspace that combines notes, documents, wikis, and project management tools into a single platform. It offers a flexible and customizable environment where users can create, organize, and collaborate on content in various formats.

With Notion, you can:

- **Create versatile content**: Build documents, wikis, databases, kanban boards, calendars, and more
- **Organize information**: Structure content hierarchically with nested pages and powerful databases
- **Collaborate seamlessly**: Share workspaces and pages with team members for real-time collaboration
- **Customize your workspace**: Design your ideal workflow with flexible templates and building blocks
- **Connect information**: Link between pages and databases to create a knowledge network
- **Access anywhere**: Use Notion across web, desktop, and mobile platforms with automatic syncing

In Sim Studio, the Notion integration enables your agents to interact directly with your Notion workspace programmatically. This allows for powerful automation scenarios such as knowledge management, content creation, and information retrieval. Your agents can read existing Notion pages to extract information, write to pages to update content, and create new pages from scratch. This integration bridges the gap between your AI workflows and your knowledge base, enabling seamless documentation and information management. By connecting Sim Studio with Notion, you can automate documentation processes, maintain up-to-date information repositories, generate reports, and organize information intelligently - all through your intelligent agents.
{/* MANUAL-CONTENT-END */}


## Usage Instructions

Integrate with Notion to read content from pages, write new content, and create new pages.



## Tools

### `notion_read`

Read content from a Notion page

#### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `accessToken` | string | Yes | Notion OAuth access token |
| `pageId` | string | Yes | The ID of the Notion page to read |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type |
| --------- | ---- |
| `content` | string |
| `metadata` | string |
| `lastEditedTime` | string |
| `createdTime` | string |
| `url` | string |

### `notion_read_database`

Read database information and structure from Notion

#### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `accessToken` | string | Yes | Notion OAuth access token |
| `databaseId` | string | Yes | The ID of the Notion database to read |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type |
| --------- | ---- |
| `metadata` | string |
| `url` | string |
| `id` | string |
| `createdTime` | string |
| `lastEditedTime` | string |
| `properties` | string |
| `content` | string |
| `title` | string |

### `notion_write`

Append content to a Notion page

#### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `accessToken` | string | Yes | Notion OAuth access token |
| `pageId` | string | Yes | The ID of the Notion page to append content to |
| `content` | string | Yes | The content to append to the page |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type |
| --------- | ---- |
| `content` | string |

### `notion_create_page`

Create a new page in Notion

#### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `accessToken` | string | Yes | Notion OAuth access token |
| `parentId` | string | Yes | ID of the parent page |
| `title` | string | No | Title of the new page |
| `content` | string | No | Optional content to add to the page upon creation |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type |
| --------- | ---- |
| `content` | string |

### `notion_query_database`

Query and filter Notion database entries with advanced filtering

#### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `accessToken` | string | Yes | Notion OAuth access token |
| `databaseId` | string | Yes | The ID of the database to query |
| `filter` | string | No | Filter conditions as JSON \(optional\) |
| `sorts` | string | No | Sort criteria as JSON array \(optional\) |
| `pageSize` | number | No | Number of results to return \(default: 100, max: 100\) |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type |
| --------- | ---- |
| `content` | string |
| `metadata` | string |
| `hasMore` | string |
| `nextCursor` | string |
| `results` | string |

### `notion_search`

Search across all pages and databases in Notion workspace

#### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `accessToken` | string | Yes | Notion OAuth access token |
| `query` | string | No | Search terms \(leave empty to get all pages\) |
| `filterType` | string | No | Filter by object type: page, database, or leave empty for all |
| `pageSize` | number | No | Number of results to return \(default: 100, max: 100\) |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type |
| --------- | ---- |
| `content` | string |
| `metadata` | string |
| `hasMore` | string |
| `nextCursor` | string |
| `results` | string |

### `notion_create_database`

Create a new database in Notion with custom properties

#### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `accessToken` | string | Yes | Notion OAuth access token |
| `parentId` | string | Yes | ID of the parent page where the database will be created |
| `title` | string | Yes | Title for the new database |
| `properties` | string | No | Database properties as JSON object \(optional, will create a default  |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type |
| --------- | ---- |
| `metadata` | string |
| `url` | string |
| `createdTime` | string |
| `properties` | string |
| `content` | string |
| `title` | string |



## Block Configuration

### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description | 
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- | 
| `operation` | string | Yes | Operation |



### Outputs

| Output | Type | Description |
| ------ | ---- | ----------- |
| `content` | string | content output from the block |
| `metadata` | any | metadata output from the block |


## Notes

- Category: `tools`
- Type: `notion`

Commit message:

feat(tools): added arXiv and wikipedia tools/blocks & docs (#814)
* feat(tools): added arxiv tools

* feat(tools): added wikipedia tool

* updated docs & remove empty interface

* remove empty interface

* fixed docs generator

* fixed wikipedia

* removed hasExpandableContent from tool-input for consistency across all tools, irregardless of their parsm

* lint

---------

Co-authored-by: waleedlatif <waleedlatif@waleedlatifs-MacBook-Pro.local>

apps/docs/content/docs/tools/notion.mdx, after:

---
title: Notion
description: Manage Notion pages
---

import { BlockInfoCard } from "@/components/ui/block-info-card"

<BlockInfoCard 
  type="notion"
  color="#181C1E"
  icon={true}
  iconSvg={`<svg className="block-icon" xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg' viewBox='0 0 50 50'   >
      <path
        d='M31.494141 5.1503906L5.9277344 7.0019531A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.9042969 7.0039062A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.8652344 7.0097656A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.7929688 7.0214844A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.7636719 7.0292969A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.7304688 7.0371094A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.6582031 7.0605469A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.6113281 7.0800781A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.5839844 7.0917969A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.4335938 7.1777344A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.4082031 7.1933594A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.3476562 7.2421875A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.3359375 7.2539062A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.2871094 7.2988281A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.2578125 7.3320312A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.2148438 7.3828125A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.1992188 7.4023438A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.15625 7.4648438A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.1445312 7.484375A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.1074219 7.5488281A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.09375 7.5761719A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.0644531 7.6484375A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.0605469 7.65625A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.015625 7.8300781A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.0097656 7.8613281A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.0019531 7.9414062A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.0019531 7.9453125A1.0001 1.0001 0 005 8L5 33.738281C5 34.76391 5.3151542 35.766862 5.9042969 36.607422A1.0001 1.0001 0 005.953125 36.671875L12.126953 44.101562A1.0001 1.0001 0 0012.359375 44.382812L12.75 44.851562A1.0006635 1.0006635 0 0012.917969 45.011719C13.50508 45.581386 14.317167 45.917563 15.193359 45.861328L42.193359 44.119141C43.762433 44.017718 45 42.697027 45 41.125L45 15.132812C45 14.209354 44.565523 13.390672 43.904297 12.839844A1.0008168 1.0008168 0 0043.748047 12.695312L43.263672 12.337891A1.0001 1.0001 0 0043.0625 12.189453L34.824219 6.1132812C33.865071 5.4054876 32.682705 5.0641541 31.494141 5.1503906zM31.638672 7.1445312C32.352108 7.0927682 33.061867 7.29845 33.636719 7.7226562L39.767578 12.246094L14.742188 13.884766C13.880567 13.941006 13.037689 13.622196 12.425781 13.011719L12.423828 13.011719L8.2539062 8.8398438L31.638672 7.1445312zM7 10.414062L11.011719 14.425781L12 15.414062L12 40.818359L7.5390625 35.449219C7.1899317 34.947488 7 34.351269 7 33.738281L7 10.414062zM41.935547 14.134766C42.526748 14.096822 43 14.54116 43 15.132812L43 41.125C43 41.660973 42.59938 42.08847 42.064453 42.123047L15.064453 43.865234C14.770856 43.884078 14.506356 43.783483 14.314453 43.605469A1.0006635 1.0006635 0 0014.3125 43.603516C14.3125 43.603516 14.310547 43.601562 14.310547 43.601562C14.306465 43.597733 14.304796 43.59179 14.300781 43.587891A1.0006635 1.0006635 0 0014.289062 43.572266C14.112238 43.393435 14 43.149431 14 42.867188L14 16.875C14 16.337536 14.39999 15.911571 14.935547 15.876953L41.935547 14.134766zM38.496094 19L33.421875 19.28125C32.647875 19.36125 31.746094 19.938 31.746094 20.875L33.996094 21.0625L33.996094 31.753906L26.214844 19.751953L20.382812 20.080078C19.291812 20.160078 18.994141 20.970953 18.994141 22.001953L21.244141 22.001953L21.244141 37.566406C21.244141 37.566406 20.191844 37.850406 19.839844 37.941406C19.091844 38.134406 18.994141 38.784906 18.994141 39.253906C18.994141 39.253906 22.746656 39.065547 24.472656 38.935547C26.431656 38.785547 26.496094 37.472656 26.496094 37.472656L24.246094 37.003906L24.246094 25.470703C24.246094 25.470703 29.965844 34.660328 31.714844 37.361328C32.537844 38.630328 33.152375 38.878906 34.234375 38.878906C35.122375 38.878906 35.962141 38.616594 36.994141 38.058594L36.994141 20.697266C36.994141 20.697266 37.184203 20.687141 37.783203 20.494141C38.466203 20.273141 38.496094 19.656 38.496094 19z'
        fill='currentColor'
      />
    </svg>`}
/>

{/* MANUAL-CONTENT-START:intro */}
[Notion](https://www.notion.so) is an all-in-one workspace that combines notes, documents, wikis, and project management tools into a single platform. It offers a flexible and customizable environment where users can create, organize, and collaborate on content in various formats.

With Notion, you can:

- **Create versatile content**: Build documents, wikis, databases, kanban boards, calendars, and more
- **Organize information**: Structure content hierarchically with nested pages and powerful databases
- **Collaborate seamlessly**: Share workspaces and pages with team members for real-time collaboration
- **Customize your workspace**: Design your ideal workflow with flexible templates and building blocks
- **Connect information**: Link between pages and databases to create a knowledge network
- **Access anywhere**: Use Notion across web, desktop, and mobile platforms with automatic syncing

In Sim Studio, the Notion integration enables your agents to interact directly with your Notion workspace programmatically. This allows for powerful automation scenarios such as knowledge management, content creation, and information retrieval. Your agents can:

- **Read Notion pages**: Extract content and metadata from any Notion page.
- **Read Notion databases**: Retrieve database structure and information.
- **Write to pages**: Append new content to existing Notion pages.
- **Create new pages**: Generate new Notion pages under a parent page, with custom titles and content.
- **Query databases**: Search and filter database entries using advanced filter and sort criteria.
- **Search workspace**: Search across your entire Notion workspace for pages or databases matching specific queries.
- **Create new databases**: Programmatically create new databases with custom properties and structure.

This integration bridges the gap between your AI workflows and your knowledge base, enabling seamless documentation and information management. By connecting Sim Studio with Notion, you can automate documentation processes, maintain up-to-date information repositories, generate reports, and organize information intelligently—all through your intelligent agents.
{/* MANUAL-CONTENT-END */}


## Usage Instructions

Integrate with Notion to read content from pages, write new content, and create new pages.



## Tools

### `notion_read`

Read content from a Notion page

#### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `accessToken` | string | Yes | Notion OAuth access token |
| `pageId` | string | Yes | The ID of the Notion page to read |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type |
| --------- | ---- |
| `content` | string |
| `metadata` | string |
| `lastEditedTime` | string |
| `createdTime` | string |
| `url` | string |

### `notion_read_database`

Read database information and structure from Notion

#### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `accessToken` | string | Yes | Notion OAuth access token |
| `databaseId` | string | Yes | The ID of the Notion database to read |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type |
| --------- | ---- |
| `metadata` | string |
| `url` | string |
| `id` | string |
| `createdTime` | string |
| `lastEditedTime` | string |
| `properties` | string |
| `content` | string |
| `title` | string |

### `notion_write`

Append content to a Notion page

#### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `accessToken` | string | Yes | Notion OAuth access token |
| `pageId` | string | Yes | The ID of the Notion page to append content to |
| `content` | string | Yes | The content to append to the page |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type |
| --------- | ---- |
| `content` | string |

### `notion_create_page`

Create a new page in Notion

#### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `accessToken` | string | Yes | Notion OAuth access token |
| `parentId` | string | Yes | ID of the parent page |
| `title` | string | No | Title of the new page |
| `content` | string | No | Optional content to add to the page upon creation |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type |
| --------- | ---- |
| `content` | string |

### `notion_query_database`

Query and filter Notion database entries with advanced filtering

#### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `accessToken` | string | Yes | Notion OAuth access token |
| `databaseId` | string | Yes | The ID of the database to query |
| `filter` | string | No | Filter conditions as JSON \(optional\) |
| `sorts` | string | No | Sort criteria as JSON array \(optional\) |
| `pageSize` | number | No | Number of results to return \(default: 100, max: 100\) |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type |
| --------- | ---- |
| `content` | string |
| `metadata` | string |
| `hasMore` | string |
| `nextCursor` | string |
| `results` | string |

### `notion_search`

Search across all pages and databases in Notion workspace

#### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `accessToken` | string | Yes | Notion OAuth access token |
| `query` | string | No | Search terms \(leave empty to get all pages\) |
| `filterType` | string | No | Filter by object type: page, database, or leave empty for all |
| `pageSize` | number | No | Number of results to return \(default: 100, max: 100\) |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type |
| --------- | ---- |
| `content` | string |
| `metadata` | string |
| `hasMore` | string |
| `nextCursor` | string |
| `results` | string |

### `notion_create_database`

Create a new database in Notion with custom properties

#### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `accessToken` | string | Yes | Notion OAuth access token |
| `parentId` | string | Yes | ID of the parent page where the database will be created |
| `title` | string | Yes | Title for the new database |
| `properties` | string | No | Database properties as JSON object \(optional, will create a default  |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type |
| --------- | ---- |
| `metadata` | string |
| `url` | string |
| `createdTime` | string |
| `properties` | string |
| `content` | string |
| `title` | string |



## Block Configuration

### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description | 
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- | 
| `operation` | string | Yes | Operation |



### Outputs

| Output | Type | Description |
| ------ | ---- | ----------- |
| `content` | string | content output from the block |
| `metadata` | any | metadata output from the block |


## Notes

- Category: `tools`
- Type: `notion`
