apps/docs/content/docs/tools/perplexity.mdx, before:

---
title: Perplexity
description: Use Perplexity AI chat models
---

import { BlockInfoCard } from "@/components/ui/block-info-card"

<BlockInfoCard 
  type="perplexity"
  color="#20808D"
  icon={true}
  iconSvg={`<svg className="block-icon"   viewBox='0 0 24 24' xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg' >
      <path
        d='M19.785 0v7.272H22.5V17.62h-2.935V24l-7.037-6.194v6.145h-1.091v-6.152L4.392 24v-6.465H1.5V7.188h2.884V0l7.053 6.494V.19h1.09v6.49L19.786 0zm-7.257 9.044v7.319l5.946 5.234V14.44l-5.946-5.397zm-1.099-.08l-5.946 5.398v7.235l5.946-5.234V8.965zm8.136 7.58h1.844V8.349H13.46l6.105 5.54v2.655zm-8.982-8.28H2.59v8.195h1.8v-2.576l6.192-5.62zM5.475 2.476v4.71h5.115l-5.115-4.71zm13.219 0l-5.115 4.71h5.115v-4.71z'
        fill='currentColor'
        fillRule='nonzero'
      />
    </svg>`}
/>

{/* MANUAL-CONTENT-START:intro */}
[Perplexity AI](https://www.perplexity.ai) is an AI-powered search engine and answer engine that combines the capabilities of large language models with real-time web search to provide accurate, up-to-date information and comprehensive answers to complex questions.

With Perplexity AI, you can:

- **Get accurate answers**: Receive comprehensive responses to questions with citations from reliable sources
- **Access real-time information**: Obtain up-to-date information through Perplexity's web search capabilities
- **Explore topics in depth**: Dive deeper into subjects with follow-up questions and related information
- **Verify information**: Check the credibility of answers through provided sources and references
- **Generate content**: Create summaries, analyses, and creative content based on current information
- **Research efficiently**: Streamline research processes with comprehensive answers to complex queries
- **Interact conversationally**: Engage in natural dialogue to refine questions and explore topics

In Sim Studio, the Perplexity integration enables your agents to leverage these powerful AI capabilities programmatically as part of their workflows. This allows for sophisticated automation scenarios that combine natural language understanding, real-time information retrieval, and content generation. Your agents can formulate queries, receive comprehensive answers with citations, and incorporate this information into their decision-making processes or outputs. This integration bridges the gap between your workflow automation and access to current, reliable information, enabling your agents to make more informed decisions and provide more accurate responses. By connecting Sim Studio with Perplexity, you can create agents that stay current with the latest information, provide well-researched answers, and deliver more valuable insights to users - all without requiring manual research or information gathering.
{/* MANUAL-CONTENT-END */}


## Usage Instructions

Generate completions using Perplexity AI models with real-time knowledge and search capabilities. Create responses, answer questions, and generate content with customizable parameters.



## Tools

### `perplexity_chat`

Generate completions using Perplexity AI chat models

#### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `apiKey` | string | Yes | Perplexity API key |
| `model` | string | Yes | Model to use for chat completions \(e.g., sonar, mistral\) |
| `messages` | array | Yes | Array of message objects with role and content |
| `max_tokens` | number | No | Maximum number of tokens to generate |
| `temperature` | number | No | Sampling temperature between 0 and 1 |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type |
| --------- | ---- |
| `content` | string |
| `model` | string |
| `usage` | string |
| `completion_tokens` | string |
| `total_tokens` | string |



## Block Configuration

### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description | 
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- | 
| `prompt` | string | Yes | User Prompt - Enter your prompt here... |



### Outputs

| Output | Type | Description |
| ------ | ---- | ----------- |
| `content` | string | content output from the block |
| `model` | string | model output from the block |
| `usage` | json | usage output from the block |


## Notes

- Category: `tools`
- Type: `perplexity`

Commit message:

fix(tool-input): added tool input, visibility enum for tool params, fixed google provider bugs (#674)
* transfrom from block-centric tool input component to tool-centric tool input component for agent tools

* added additional type safety, created generic wrapper for tool input & reused across all subblock types

* stop retries if tool call fails, implemented for all providers except google

* bug fix with tool name extraction

* another bug fix

* ran script to update docs

* update contributing guide tool/block add example to reflect new param structure

* update README

* add key control to combobox, fixed google

* fixed google provider, fixed combobox

* fixed a ton of tools, ensured that the agent tool has full parity with actual tool for all tools

* update docs to reflect new structure

* updated visibility for gmail draft

* standardize dropdown values for tool definitions

* add asterisk for user-only + required fields

* updated visibility for tools

* consolidate redactApiKey util, fixed console entry bug that overwrites previous block logs

* updated docs

* update contributing guide to guide users to point their branches at staging instead of main

* nits

* move socket tests

apps/docs/content/docs/tools/perplexity.mdx, after:

---
title: Perplexity
description: Use Perplexity AI chat models
---

import { BlockInfoCard } from "@/components/ui/block-info-card"

<BlockInfoCard 
  type="perplexity"
  color="#20808D"
  icon={true}
  iconSvg={`<svg className="block-icon"   viewBox='0 0 24 24' xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg' >
      <path
        d='M19.785 0v7.272H22.5V17.62h-2.935V24l-7.037-6.194v6.145h-1.091v-6.152L4.392 24v-6.465H1.5V7.188h2.884V0l7.053 6.494V.19h1.09v6.49L19.786 0zm-7.257 9.044v7.319l5.946 5.234V14.44l-5.946-5.397zm-1.099-.08l-5.946 5.398v7.235l5.946-5.234V8.965zm8.136 7.58h1.844V8.349H13.46l6.105 5.54v2.655zm-8.982-8.28H2.59v8.195h1.8v-2.576l6.192-5.62zM5.475 2.476v4.71h5.115l-5.115-4.71zm13.219 0l-5.115 4.71h5.115v-4.71z'
        fill='currentColor'
        fillRule='nonzero'
      />
    </svg>`}
/>

{/* MANUAL-CONTENT-START:intro */}
[Perplexity AI](https://www.perplexity.ai) is an AI-powered search engine and answer engine that combines the capabilities of large language models with real-time web search to provide accurate, up-to-date information and comprehensive answers to complex questions.

With Perplexity AI, you can:

- **Get accurate answers**: Receive comprehensive responses to questions with citations from reliable sources
- **Access real-time information**: Obtain up-to-date information through Perplexity's web search capabilities
- **Explore topics in depth**: Dive deeper into subjects with follow-up questions and related information
- **Verify information**: Check the credibility of answers through provided sources and references
- **Generate content**: Create summaries, analyses, and creative content based on current information
- **Research efficiently**: Streamline research processes with comprehensive answers to complex queries
- **Interact conversationally**: Engage in natural dialogue to refine questions and explore topics

In Sim Studio, the Perplexity integration enables your agents to leverage these powerful AI capabilities programmatically as part of their workflows. This allows for sophisticated automation scenarios that combine natural language understanding, real-time information retrieval, and content generation. Your agents can formulate queries, receive comprehensive answers with citations, and incorporate this information into their decision-making processes or outputs. This integration bridges the gap between your workflow automation and access to current, reliable information, enabling your agents to make more informed decisions and provide more accurate responses. By connecting Sim Studio with Perplexity, you can create agents that stay current with the latest information, provide well-researched answers, and deliver more valuable insights to users - all without requiring manual research or information gathering.
{/* MANUAL-CONTENT-END */}


## Usage Instructions

Generate completions using Perplexity AI models with real-time knowledge and search capabilities. Create responses, answer questions, and generate content with customizable parameters.



## Tools

### `perplexity_chat`

Generate completions using Perplexity AI chat models

#### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `systemPrompt` | string | No | System prompt to guide the model behavior |
| `content` | string | Yes | The user message content to send to the model |
| `model` | string | Yes | Model to use for chat completions \(e.g., sonar, mistral\) |
| `max_tokens` | number | No | Maximum number of tokens to generate |
| `temperature` | number | No | Sampling temperature between 0 and 1 |
| `apiKey` | string | Yes | Perplexity API key |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type |
| --------- | ---- |
| `content` | string |
| `model` | string |
| `usage` | string |
| `completion_tokens` | string |
| `total_tokens` | string |



## Block Configuration

### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description | 
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- | 
| `content` | string | Yes | User Prompt - Enter your prompt here... |



### Outputs

| Output | Type | Description |
| ------ | ---- | ----------- |
| `content` | string | content output from the block |
| `model` | string | model output from the block |
| `usage` | json | usage output from the block |


## Notes

- Category: `tools`
- Type: `perplexity`
