apps/docs/content/docs/tools/reddit.mdx, before:

---
title: Reddit
description: Access Reddit data and content
---

import { BlockInfoCard } from "@/components/ui/block-info-card"

<BlockInfoCard 
  type="reddit"
  color="#FF5700"
  icon={true}
  iconSvg={`<svg className="block-icon"
      
      
      
      viewBox='0 0 50 50'
      fill='#FFFFFF'
      role='img'
      xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'
    >
      <path
        d='M 29 3 C 26.894531 3 24.433594 4.652344 24.0625 12.03125 C 24.375 12.023438 24.683594 12 25 12 C 25.351563 12 25.714844 12.019531 26.0625 12.03125 C 26.300781 7.597656 27.355469 5 29 5 C 29.703125 5 30.101563 5.382813 30.84375 6.1875 C 31.710938 7.128906 32.84375 8.351563 35.0625 8.8125 C 35.027344 8.550781 35 8.269531 35 8 C 35 7.578125 35.042969 7.179688 35.125 6.78125 C 33.75 6.40625 33.023438 5.613281 32.3125 4.84375 C 31.519531 3.984375 30.609375 3 29 3 Z M 41 4 C 38.792969 4 37 5.796875 37 8 C 37 10.203125 38.792969 12 41 12 C 43.207031 12 45 10.203125 45 8 C 45 5.796875 43.207031 4 41 4 Z M 25 14 C 12.867188 14 3 20.179688 3 29 C 3 37.820313 12.867188 45 25 45 C 37.132813 45 47 37.820313 47 29 C 47 20.179688 37.132813 14 25 14 Z M 7.5 14.9375 C 6.039063 14.9375 4.652344 15.535156 3.59375 16.59375 C 1.871094 18.316406 1.515625 20.792969 2.5 22.84375 C 4.011719 19.917969 6.613281 17.421875 9.96875 15.5625 C 9.207031 15.175781 8.363281 14.9375 7.5 14.9375 Z M 42.5 14.9375 C 41.636719 14.9375 40.792969 15.175781 40.03125 15.5625 C 43.386719 17.421875 45.988281 19.917969 47.5 22.84375 C 48.484375 20.792969 48.128906 18.316406 46.40625 16.59375 C 45.347656 15.535156 43.960938 14.9375 42.5 14.9375 Z M 17 23 C 18.65625 23 20 24.34375 20 26 C 20 27.65625 18.65625 29 17 29 C 15.34375 29 14 27.65625 14 26 C 14 24.34375 15.34375 23 17 23 Z M 33 23 C 34.65625 23 36 24.34375 36 26 C 36 27.65625 34.65625 29 33 29 C 31.34375 29 30 27.65625 30 26 C 30 24.34375 31.34375 23 33 23 Z M 16.0625 34 C 16.3125 34.042969 16.558594 34.183594 16.71875 34.40625 C 16.824219 34.554688 19.167969 37.6875 25 37.6875 C 30.910156 37.6875 33.257813 34.46875 33.28125 34.4375 C 33.597656 33.988281 34.234375 33.867188 34.6875 34.1875 C 35.136719 34.503906 35.222656 35.109375 34.90625 35.5625 C 34.789063 35.730469 31.9375 39.6875 25 39.6875 C 18.058594 39.6875 15.210938 35.730469 15.09375 35.5625 C 14.777344 35.109375 14.859375 34.503906 15.3125 34.1875 C 15.539063 34.027344 15.8125 33.957031 16.0625 34 Z'
        fill='currentColor'
      />
    </svg>`}
/>

{/* MANUAL-CONTENT-START:intro */}
[Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/) is a vast social news aggregation, content rating, and discussion platform where registered users submit content such as text posts, images, and links, which are then voted up or down by other members. Known as "the front page of the internet," Reddit is organized into thousands of communities called subreddits, each focused on a specific topic.

With Reddit, you can:

- **Access diverse content**: Browse thousands of specialized communities covering virtually every topic
- **Stay informed**: Get real-time updates on trending news, discussions, and viral content
- **Engage with communities**: Participate in discussions with like-minded individuals
- **Discover trending topics**: See what's popular across different interest groups
- **Gather insights**: Collect opinions, feedback, and perspectives from diverse user groups
- **Monitor public sentiment**: Track reactions and discussions around specific topics or brands
- **Research niche topics**: Access specialized knowledge in dedicated communities

In Sim Studio, the Reddit integration enables your agents to programmatically access and analyze content from Reddit's vast ecosystem. This allows for powerful automation scenarios such as trend monitoring, content aggregation, and sentiment analysis. Your agents can retrieve popular posts from specific subreddits, extract valuable information, and incorporate these insights into their workflows. This integration bridges the gap between social media monitoring and your AI workflows, enabling more informed decision-making based on public discussions and trending topics. By connecting Sim Studio with Reddit, you can create agents that stay on top of relevant conversations, identify emerging trends, gather diverse perspectives, and deliver timely insights - all without requiring manual browsing of countless Reddit threads.
{/* MANUAL-CONTENT-END */}


## Usage Instructions

Access Reddit data to retrieve posts and comments from any subreddit. Get post titles, content, authors, scores, comments and more.



## Tools

### `reddit_get_posts`

Fetch posts from a subreddit with different sorting options

#### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `accessToken` | string | Yes | Access token for Reddit API |
| `subreddit` | string | Yes | The name of the subreddit to fetch posts from \(without the r/ prefix\) |
| `sort` | string | No | Sort method for posts:  |
| `limit` | number | No | Maximum number of posts to return \(default: 10, max: 100\) |
| `time` | string | No | Time filter for  |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type |
| --------- | ---- |
| `subreddit` | string |
| `posts` | string |

### `reddit_get_comments`

Fetch comments from a specific Reddit post

#### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `accessToken` | string | Yes | Access token for Reddit API |
| `postId` | string | Yes | The ID of the Reddit post to fetch comments from |
| `subreddit` | string | Yes | The subreddit where the post is located \(without the r/ prefix\) |
| `sort` | string | No | Sort method for comments:  |
| `limit` | number | No | Maximum number of comments to return \(default: 50, max: 100\) |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type |
| --------- | ---- |
| `post` | string |
| `title` | string |
| `author` | string |
| `selftext` | string |
| `created_utc` | string |
| `score` | string |
| `permalink` | string |



## Block Configuration

### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description | 
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- | 
| `operation` | string | Yes | Operation |



### Outputs

| Output | Type | Description |
| ------ | ---- | ----------- |
| `subreddit` | string | subreddit output from the block |
| `posts` | json | posts output from the block |
| `post` | json | post output from the block |
| `comments` | json | comments output from the block |


## Notes

- Category: `tools`
- Type: `reddit`

Commit message:

feat(tools): added arXiv and wikipedia tools/blocks & docs (#814)
* feat(tools): added arxiv tools

* feat(tools): added wikipedia tool

* updated docs & remove empty interface

* remove empty interface

* fixed docs generator

* fixed wikipedia

* removed hasExpandableContent from tool-input for consistency across all tools, irregardless of their parsm

* lint

---------

Co-authored-by: waleedlatif <waleedlatif@waleedlatifs-MacBook-Pro.local>

apps/docs/content/docs/tools/reddit.mdx, after:

---
title: Reddit
description: Access Reddit data and content
---

import { BlockInfoCard } from "@/components/ui/block-info-card"

<BlockInfoCard 
  type="reddit"
  color="#FF5700"
  icon={true}
  iconSvg={`<svg className="block-icon"
      
      
      
      viewBox='0 0 50 50'
      fill='#FFFFFF'
      role='img'
      xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'
    >
      <path
        d='M 29 3 C 26.894531 3 24.433594 4.652344 24.0625 12.03125 C 24.375 12.023438 24.683594 12 25 12 C 25.351563 12 25.714844 12.019531 26.0625 12.03125 C 26.300781 7.597656 27.355469 5 29 5 C 29.703125 5 30.101563 5.382813 30.84375 6.1875 C 31.710938 7.128906 32.84375 8.351563 35.0625 8.8125 C 35.027344 8.550781 35 8.269531 35 8 C 35 7.578125 35.042969 7.179688 35.125 6.78125 C 33.75 6.40625 33.023438 5.613281 32.3125 4.84375 C 31.519531 3.984375 30.609375 3 29 3 Z M 41 4 C 38.792969 4 37 5.796875 37 8 C 37 10.203125 38.792969 12 41 12 C 43.207031 12 45 10.203125 45 8 C 45 5.796875 43.207031 4 41 4 Z M 25 14 C 12.867188 14 3 20.179688 3 29 C 3 37.820313 12.867188 45 25 45 C 37.132813 45 47 37.820313 47 29 C 47 20.179688 37.132813 14 25 14 Z M 7.5 14.9375 C 6.039063 14.9375 4.652344 15.535156 3.59375 16.59375 C 1.871094 18.316406 1.515625 20.792969 2.5 22.84375 C 4.011719 19.917969 6.613281 17.421875 9.96875 15.5625 C 9.207031 15.175781 8.363281 14.9375 7.5 14.9375 Z M 42.5 14.9375 C 41.636719 14.9375 40.792969 15.175781 40.03125 15.5625 C 43.386719 17.421875 45.988281 19.917969 47.5 22.84375 C 48.484375 20.792969 48.128906 18.316406 46.40625 16.59375 C 45.347656 15.535156 43.960938 14.9375 42.5 14.9375 Z M 17 23 C 18.65625 23 20 24.34375 20 26 C 20 27.65625 18.65625 29 17 29 C 15.34375 29 14 27.65625 14 26 C 14 24.34375 15.34375 23 17 23 Z M 33 23 C 34.65625 23 36 24.34375 36 26 C 36 27.65625 34.65625 29 33 29 C 31.34375 29 30 27.65625 30 26 C 30 24.34375 31.34375 23 33 23 Z M 16.0625 34 C 16.3125 34.042969 16.558594 34.183594 16.71875 34.40625 C 16.824219 34.554688 19.167969 37.6875 25 37.6875 C 30.910156 37.6875 33.257813 34.46875 33.28125 34.4375 C 33.597656 33.988281 34.234375 33.867188 34.6875 34.1875 C 35.136719 34.503906 35.222656 35.109375 34.90625 35.5625 C 34.789063 35.730469 31.9375 39.6875 25 39.6875 C 18.058594 39.6875 15.210938 35.730469 15.09375 35.5625 C 14.777344 35.109375 14.859375 34.503906 15.3125 34.1875 C 15.539063 34.027344 15.8125 33.957031 16.0625 34 Z'
        fill='currentColor'
      />
    </svg>`}
/>

{/* MANUAL-CONTENT-START:intro */}
[Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/) is a social platform where users share and discuss content in topic-based communities called subreddits.

In Sim Studio, you can use the Reddit integration to:

- **Get Posts**: Retrieve posts from any subreddit, with options to sort (Hot, New, Top, Rising) and filter Top posts by time (Day, Week, Month, Year, All Time).
- **Get Comments**: Fetch comments from a specific post, with options to sort and set the number of comments.

These operations let your agents access and analyze Reddit content as part of your automated workflows.
{/* MANUAL-CONTENT-END */}


## Usage Instructions

Access Reddit data to retrieve posts and comments from any subreddit. Get post titles, content, authors, scores, comments and more.



## Tools

### `reddit_get_posts`

Fetch posts from a subreddit with different sorting options

#### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `accessToken` | string | Yes | Access token for Reddit API |
| `subreddit` | string | Yes | The name of the subreddit to fetch posts from \(without the r/ prefix\) |
| `sort` | string | No | Sort method for posts:  |
| `limit` | number | No | Maximum number of posts to return \(default: 10, max: 100\) |
| `time` | string | No | Time filter for  |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type |
| --------- | ---- |
| `subreddit` | string |
| `posts` | string |

### `reddit_get_comments`

Fetch comments from a specific Reddit post

#### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `accessToken` | string | Yes | Access token for Reddit API |
| `postId` | string | Yes | The ID of the Reddit post to fetch comments from |
| `subreddit` | string | Yes | The subreddit where the post is located \(without the r/ prefix\) |
| `sort` | string | No | Sort method for comments:  |
| `limit` | number | No | Maximum number of comments to return \(default: 50, max: 100\) |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type |
| --------- | ---- |
| `post` | string |
| `title` | string |
| `author` | string |
| `selftext` | string |
| `created_utc` | string |
| `score` | string |
| `permalink` | string |



## Block Configuration

### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description | 
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- | 
| `operation` | string | Yes | Operation |



### Outputs

| Output | Type | Description |
| ------ | ---- | ----------- |
| `subreddit` | string | subreddit output from the block |
| `posts` | json | posts output from the block |
| `post` | json | post output from the block |
| `comments` | json | comments output from the block |


## Notes

- Category: `tools`
- Type: `reddit`
