apps/docs/content/docs/tools/telegram.mdx, before:

---
title: Telegram
description: Send a message through Telegram
---

import { BlockInfoCard } from '@/components/ui/block-info-card'

<BlockInfoCard
  type="telegram"
  color="#E0E0E0"
  icon={true}
  iconSvg={`<svg className="block-icon"
      
      
      
      viewBox="-5 0 41 33"
      fill="none"
      xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"
    >
      <circle cx="16" cy="16" r="14" fill="url(#paint0_linear_87_7225)" />
      <path
        d="M22.9866 10.2088C23.1112 9.40332 22.3454 8.76755 21.6292 9.082L7.36482 15.3448C6.85123 15.5703 6.8888 16.3483 7.42147 16.5179L10.3631 17.4547C10.9246 17.6335 11.5325 17.541 12.0228 17.2023L18.655 12.6203C18.855 12.4821 19.073 12.7665 18.9021 12.9426L14.1281 17.8646C13.665 18.3421 13.7569 19.1512 14.314 19.5005L19.659 22.8523C20.2585 23.2282 21.0297 22.8506 21.1418 22.1261L22.9866 10.2088Z"
        fill="white"
      />
      <defs>
        <linearGradient
          id="paint0_linear_87_7225"
          x1="16"
          y1="2"
          x2="16"
          y2="30"
          gradientUnits="userSpaceOnUse"
        >
          <stop stopColor="#37BBFE" />
          <stop offset="1" stopColor="#007DBB" />
        </linearGradient>
      </defs>
    </svg>`}
/>

{/* MANUAL-CONTENT-START:intro */}
[Telegram](https://telegram.org) is a secure, cloud-based messaging platform that enables fast and reliable communication across devices and platforms. With over 700 million monthly active users, Telegram has established itself as one of the world's leading messaging services, known for its security, speed, and powerful API capabilities.

<iframe
  width="100%"
  height="400"
  src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/nhq2Q8fndFg?start=62"
  title="Use Telegram with Sim Studio"
  frameBorder="0"
  allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture"
  allowFullScreen
></iframe>

Telegram's Bot API provides a robust framework for creating automated messaging solutions and integrating communication features into applications. With support for rich media, inline keyboards, and custom commands, Telegram bots can facilitate sophisticated interaction patterns and automated workflows.

Key features of Telegram include:

- Secure Communication: End-to-end encryption and secure cloud storage for messages and media
- Bot Platform: Powerful bot API for creating automated messaging solutions and interactive experiences
- Rich Media Support: Send and receive messages with text formatting, images, files, and interactive elements
- Global Reach: Connect with users worldwide with support for multiple languages and platforms

In Sim Studio, the Telegram integration enables your agents to leverage these powerful messaging capabilities as part of their workflows. This creates opportunities for automated notifications, alerts, and interactive conversations through Telegram's secure messaging platform. The integration allows agents to send messages programmatically to individuals or channels, enabling timely communication and updates. By connecting Sim Studio with Telegram, you can build intelligent agents that engage users through a secure and widely-adopted messaging platform, perfect for delivering notifications, updates, and interactive communications.
{/* MANUAL-CONTENT-END */}

## Usage Instructions

Send messages to any Telegram channel using your Bot API key. Integrate automated notifications and alerts into your workflow to keep your team informed.

## Tools

### `telegram_message`

Send messages to Telegram channels or users through the Telegram Bot API. Enables direct communication and notifications with message tracking and chat confirmation.

#### Input

| Parameter  | Type   | Required | Description                 |
| ---------- | ------ | -------- | --------------------------- |
| `botToken` | string | Yes      | Your Telegram Bot API Token |
| `chatId`   | string | Yes      | Target Telegram chat ID     |
| `text`     | string | Yes      | Message text to send        |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type   |
| --------- | ------ |
| `ok`      | string |
| `date`    | string |

## Block Configuration

### Input

| Parameter  | Type   | Required | Description                               |
| ---------- | ------ | -------- | ----------------------------------------- |
| `botToken` | string | Yes      | Bot Token - Enter your Telegram Bot Token |

### Outputs

| Output     | Type    | Description            |
| ---------- | ------- | ---------------------- |
| `response` | object  | Output from response   |
| ↳ `ok`     | boolean | ok of the response     |
| ↳ `result` | json    | result of the response |

## Notes

- Category: `tools`
- Type: `telegram`

Commit message:

feat(docs): added tutorial videos & telegram logic added for user-agent (#348)
* telegram logic added for user-agent

* telegram and clay updated

* added more tool videos and descriptions

* Update apps/docs/content/docs/tools/google_search.mdx

Co-authored-by: greptile-apps[bot] <165735046+greptile-apps[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update apps/docs/content/docs/tools/google_drive.mdx

Co-authored-by: greptile-apps[bot] <165735046+greptile-apps[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update apps/docs/content/docs/tools/google_docs.mdx

Co-authored-by: greptile-apps[bot] <165735046+greptile-apps[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update apps/docs/content/docs/tools/google_docs.mdx

Co-authored-by: greptile-apps[bot] <165735046+greptile-apps[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update apps/docs/content/docs/tools/google_docs.mdx

Co-authored-by: greptile-apps[bot] <165735046+greptile-apps[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* docs update

* added new google docs youtube vid

---------

Co-authored-by: Adam Gough <adamgough@Adams-MacBook-Pro.local>
Co-authored-by: greptile-apps[bot] <165735046+greptile-apps[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

apps/docs/content/docs/tools/telegram.mdx, after:

---
title: Telegram
description: Send a message through Telegram
---

import { BlockInfoCard } from '@/components/ui/block-info-card'

<BlockInfoCard
  type="telegram"
  color="#E0E0E0"
  icon={true}
  iconSvg={`<svg className="block-icon"
      
      
      
      viewBox="-5 0 41 33"
      fill="none"
      xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"
    >
      <circle cx="16" cy="16" r="14" fill="url(#paint0_linear_87_7225)" />
      <path
        d="M22.9866 10.2088C23.1112 9.40332 22.3454 8.76755 21.6292 9.082L7.36482 15.3448C6.85123 15.5703 6.8888 16.3483 7.42147 16.5179L10.3631 17.4547C10.9246 17.6335 11.5325 17.541 12.0228 17.2023L18.655 12.6203C18.855 12.4821 19.073 12.7665 18.9021 12.9426L14.1281 17.8646C13.665 18.3421 13.7569 19.1512 14.314 19.5005L19.659 22.8523C20.2585 23.2282 21.0297 22.8506 21.1418 22.1261L22.9866 10.2088Z"
        fill="white"
      />
      <defs>
        <linearGradient
          id="paint0_linear_87_7225"
          x1="16"
          y1="2"
          x2="16"
          y2="30"
          gradientUnits="userSpaceOnUse"
        >
          <stop stopColor="#37BBFE" />
          <stop offset="1" stopColor="#007DBB" />
        </linearGradient>
      </defs>
    </svg>`}
/>

{/* MANUAL-CONTENT-START:intro */}
[Telegram](https://telegram.org) is a secure, cloud-based messaging platform that enables fast and reliable communication across devices and platforms. With over 700 million monthly active users, Telegram has established itself as one of the world's leading messaging services, known for its security, speed, and powerful API capabilities.

Telegram's Bot API provides a robust framework for creating automated messaging solutions and integrating communication features into applications. With support for rich media, inline keyboards, and custom commands, Telegram bots can facilitate sophisticated interaction patterns and automated workflows.

Learn how to create a webhook trigger in Sim Studio that seamlessly initiates workflows from Telegram messages. This tutorial walks you through setting up a webhook, configuring it with Telegram's bot API, and triggering automated actions in real-time. Perfect for streamlining tasks directly from your chat!

<iframe
  width="100%"
  height="400"
  src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/9oKcJtQ0_IM"
  title="Use Telegram with Sim Studio"
  frameBorder="0"
  allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture"
  allowFullScreen
></iframe>

Learn how to use the Telegram Tool in Sim Studio to seamlessly automate message delivery to any Telegram group. This tutorial walks you through integrating the tool into your workflow, configuring group messaging, and triggering automated updates in real-time. Perfect for enhancing communication directly from your workspace!

<iframe
  width="100%"
  height="400"
  src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/AG55LpUreGI"
  title="Use Telegram with Sim Studio"
  frameBorder="0"
  allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture"
  allowFullScreen
></iframe>

Key features of Telegram include:

- Secure Communication: End-to-end encryption and secure cloud storage for messages and media
- Bot Platform: Powerful bot API for creating automated messaging solutions and interactive experiences
- Rich Media Support: Send and receive messages with text formatting, images, files, and interactive elements
- Global Reach: Connect with users worldwide with support for multiple languages and platforms

In Sim Studio, the Telegram integration enables your agents to leverage these powerful messaging capabilities as part of their workflows. This creates opportunities for automated notifications, alerts, and interactive conversations through Telegram's secure messaging platform. The integration allows agents to send messages programmatically to individuals or channels, enabling timely communication and updates. By connecting Sim Studio with Telegram, you can build intelligent agents that engage users through a secure and widely-adopted messaging platform, perfect for delivering notifications, updates, and interactive communications.
{/* MANUAL-CONTENT-END */}

## Usage Instructions

Send messages to any Telegram channel using your Bot API key. Integrate automated notifications and alerts into your workflow to keep your team informed.

## Tools

### `telegram_message`

Send messages to Telegram channels or users through the Telegram Bot API. Enables direct communication and notifications with message tracking and chat confirmation.

#### Input

| Parameter  | Type   | Required | Description                 |
| ---------- | ------ | -------- | --------------------------- |
| `botToken` | string | Yes      | Your Telegram Bot API Token |
| `chatId`   | string | Yes      | Target Telegram chat ID     |
| `text`     | string | Yes      | Message text to send        |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type   |
| --------- | ------ |
| `ok`      | string |
| `date`    | string |

## Block Configuration

### Input

| Parameter  | Type   | Required | Description                               |
| ---------- | ------ | -------- | ----------------------------------------- |
| `botToken` | string | Yes      | Bot Token - Enter your Telegram Bot Token |

### Outputs

| Output     | Type    | Description            |
| ---------- | ------- | ---------------------- |
| `response` | object  | Output from response   |
| ↳ `ok`     | boolean | ok of the response     |
| ↳ `result` | json    | result of the response |

## Notes

- Category: `tools`
- Type: `telegram`
