docs/content/docs/tools/jira.mdx, before:

---
title: Jira
description: Interact with Jira
---

import { BlockInfoCard } from "@/components/ui/block-info-card"

<BlockInfoCard 
  type="jira"
  color="#E0E0E0"
  icon={true}
  iconSvg={`<svg className="block-icon"
      
      xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"
      viewBox="0 0 30 30"
      
      
      focusable="false"
      aria-hidden="true"
    >
        <path
        fill="#1868DB" 
        d="M11.034 21.99h-2.22c-3.346 0-5.747-2.05-5.747-5.052h11.932c.619 0 1.019.44 1.019 1.062v12.007c-2.983 0-4.984-2.416-4.984-5.784zm5.893-5.967h-2.219c-3.347 0-5.748-2.013-5.748-5.015h11.933c.618 0 1.055.402 1.055 1.025V24.04c-2.983 0-5.02-2.416-5.02-5.784zm5.93-5.93h-2.219c-3.347 0-5.748-2.05-5.748-5.052h11.933c.618 0 1.018.439 1.018 1.025v12.007c-2.983 0-4.984-2.416-4.984-5.784z"
        />
    </svg>`}
/>

## Usage Instructions

Connect to Jira workspaces to read, write, and update issues. Access content, metadata, and integrate Jira documentation into your workflows.



## Tools

### `jira_retrieve`

Retrieve detailed information about a specific Jira issue

#### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `accessToken` | string | Yes | OAuth access token for Jira |
| `domain` | string | Yes | Your Jira domain \(e.g., yourcompany.atlassian.net\) |
| `projectId` | string | No | Jira project ID to retrieve issues from. If not provided, all issues will be retrieved. |
| `issueKey` | string | Yes | Jira issue key to retrieve \(e.g., PROJ-123\) |
| `cloudId` | string | No | Jira Cloud ID for the instance. If not provided, it will be fetched using the domain. |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type |
| --------- | ---- |
| `ts` | string |
| `issueKey` | string |
| `summary` | string |
| `description` | string |
| `created` | string |
| `updated` | string |

### `jira_update`

Update a Jira issue

#### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `accessToken` | string | Yes | OAuth access token for Jira |
| `domain` | string | Yes | Your Jira domain \(e.g., yourcompany.atlassian.net\) |
| `projectId` | string | No | Jira project ID to update issues in. If not provided, all issues will be retrieved. |
| `issueKey` | string | Yes | Jira issue key to update |
| `summary` | string | No | New summary for the issue |
| `description` | string | No | New description for the issue |
| `status` | string | No | New status for the issue |
| `priority` | string | No | New priority for the issue |
| `assignee` | string | No | New assignee for the issue |
| `cloudId` | string | No | Jira Cloud ID for the instance. If not provided, it will be fetched using the domain. |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type |
| --------- | ---- |
| `ts` | string |
| `issueKey` | string |
| `summary` | string |
| `success` | string |

### `jira_write`

Write a Jira issue

#### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `accessToken` | string | Yes | OAuth access token for Jira |
| `domain` | string | Yes | Your Jira domain \(e.g., yourcompany.atlassian.net\) |
| `projectId` | string | Yes | Project ID for the issue |
| `summary` | string | Yes | Summary for the issue |
| `description` | string | No | Description for the issue |
| `priority` | string | No | Priority for the issue |
| `assignee` | string | No | Assignee for the issue |
| `cloudId` | string | No | Jira Cloud ID for the instance. If not provided, it will be fetched using the domain. |
| `issueType` | string | Yes | Type of issue to create \(e.g., Task, Story, Bug, Sub-task\) |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type |
| --------- | ---- |
| `ts` | string |
| `issueKey` | string |
| `summary` | string |
| `success` | string |
| `url` | string |

### `jira_bulk_read`

Retrieve multiple Jira issues in bulk

#### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `accessToken` | string | Yes | OAuth access token for Jira |
| `domain` | string | Yes | Your Jira domain \(e.g., yourcompany.atlassian.net\) |
| `projectId` | string | Yes | Jira project ID |
| `cloudId` | string | No | Jira cloud ID |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type |
| --------- | ---- |
| `issues` | array |



## Block Configuration

### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description | 
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- | 
| `operation` | string | Yes | Operation |



### Outputs

| Output | Type | Description |
| ------ | ---- | ----------- |
| `response` | object | Output from response |
| ↳ `ts` | string | ts of the response |
| ↳ `issueKey` | string | issueKey of the response |
| ↳ `summary` | string | summary of the response |
| ↳ `description` | string | description of the response |
| ↳ `created` | string | created of the response |
| ↳ `updated` | string | updated of the response |
| ↳ `success` | boolean | success of the response |
| ↳ `url` | string | url of the response |


## Notes

- Category: `tools`
- Type: `jira`

Commit message:

feat(telegram): added telegram webhook, block, tools, & docs (#314)
* jira and confluence token refresh

* telegram message tool

* webhook configured

* telegram requires permanent url

* webhook working

* telegram done

* test

* telegram webhook working

* package-lock.json

* style curl command

* added setWebhook logic

* added some documentation for chat ID

* styling changes

* added delete webhook logic

* adding docs

* updated docs for jira and telegram

* added links

* moved function to other route.ts

* logger

* mrge.io changes

---------

Co-authored-by: Adam Gough <adamgough@Adams-MacBook-Pro.local>

docs/content/docs/tools/jira.mdx, after:

---
title: Jira
description: Interact with Jira
---

import { BlockInfoCard } from "@/components/ui/block-info-card"

<BlockInfoCard 
  type="jira"
  color="#E0E0E0"
  icon={true}
  iconSvg={`<svg className="block-icon"
      
      xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"
      viewBox="0 0 30 30"
      
      
      focusable="false"
      aria-hidden="true"
    >
        <path
        fill="#1868DB" 
        d="M11.034 21.99h-2.22c-3.346 0-5.747-2.05-5.747-5.052h11.932c.619 0 1.019.44 1.019 1.062v12.007c-2.983 0-4.984-2.416-4.984-5.784zm5.893-5.967h-2.219c-3.347 0-5.748-2.013-5.748-5.015h11.933c.618 0 1.055.402 1.055 1.025V24.04c-2.983 0-5.02-2.416-5.02-5.784zm5.93-5.93h-2.219c-3.347 0-5.748-2.05-5.748-5.052h11.933c.618 0 1.018.439 1.018 1.025v12.007c-2.983 0-4.984-2.416-4.984-5.784z"
        />
    </svg>`}
/>

[Jira](https://www.atlassian.com/jira) is a leading project management and issue tracking platform that helps teams plan, track, and manage agile software development projects effectively. As part of the Atlassian suite, Jira has become the industry standard for software development teams and project management professionals worldwide.

Jira provides a comprehensive set of tools for managing complex projects through its flexible and customizable workflow system. With its robust API and integration capabilities, Jira enables teams to streamline their development processes and maintain clear visibility of project progress.

Key features of Jira include:

- Agile Project Management: Support for Scrum and Kanban methodologies with customizable boards and workflows
- Issue Tracking: Sophisticated tracking system for bugs, stories, epics, and tasks with detailed reporting
- Workflow Automation: Powerful automation rules to streamline repetitive tasks and processes
- Advanced Search: JQL (Jira Query Language) for complex issue filtering and reporting

In Sim Studio, the Jira integration allows your agents to seamlessly interact with your project management workflow. This creates opportunities for automated issue creation, updates, and tracking as part of your AI workflows. The integration enables agents to create, retrieve, and update Jira issues programmatically, facilitating automated project management tasks and ensuring that important information is properly tracked and documented. By connecting Sim Studio with Jira, you can build intelligent agents that maintain project visibility while automating routine project management tasks, enhancing team productivity and ensuring consistent project tracking.

## Usage Instructions

Connect to Jira workspaces to read, write, and update issues. Access content, metadata, and integrate Jira documentation into your workflows.



## Tools

### `jira_retrieve`

Retrieve detailed information about a specific Jira issue

#### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `accessToken` | string | Yes | OAuth access token for Jira |
| `domain` | string | Yes | Your Jira domain \(e.g., yourcompany.atlassian.net\) |
| `projectId` | string | No | Jira project ID to retrieve issues from. If not provided, all issues will be retrieved. |
| `issueKey` | string | Yes | Jira issue key to retrieve \(e.g., PROJ-123\) |
| `cloudId` | string | No | Jira Cloud ID for the instance. If not provided, it will be fetched using the domain. |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type |
| --------- | ---- |
| `ts` | string |
| `issueKey` | string |
| `summary` | string |
| `description` | string |
| `created` | string |
| `updated` | string |

### `jira_update`

Update a Jira issue

#### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `accessToken` | string | Yes | OAuth access token for Jira |
| `domain` | string | Yes | Your Jira domain \(e.g., yourcompany.atlassian.net\) |
| `projectId` | string | No | Jira project ID to update issues in. If not provided, all issues will be retrieved. |
| `issueKey` | string | Yes | Jira issue key to update |
| `summary` | string | No | New summary for the issue |
| `description` | string | No | New description for the issue |
| `status` | string | No | New status for the issue |
| `priority` | string | No | New priority for the issue |
| `assignee` | string | No | New assignee for the issue |
| `cloudId` | string | No | Jira Cloud ID for the instance. If not provided, it will be fetched using the domain. |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type |
| --------- | ---- |
| `ts` | string |
| `issueKey` | string |
| `summary` | string |
| `success` | string |

### `jira_write`

Write a Jira issue

#### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `accessToken` | string | Yes | OAuth access token for Jira |
| `domain` | string | Yes | Your Jira domain \(e.g., yourcompany.atlassian.net\) |
| `projectId` | string | Yes | Project ID for the issue |
| `summary` | string | Yes | Summary for the issue |
| `description` | string | No | Description for the issue |
| `priority` | string | No | Priority for the issue |
| `assignee` | string | No | Assignee for the issue |
| `cloudId` | string | No | Jira Cloud ID for the instance. If not provided, it will be fetched using the domain. |
| `issueType` | string | Yes | Type of issue to create \(e.g., Task, Story, Bug, Sub-task\) |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type |
| --------- | ---- |
| `ts` | string |
| `issueKey` | string |
| `summary` | string |
| `success` | string |
| `url` | string |

### `jira_bulk_read`

Retrieve multiple Jira issues in bulk

#### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `accessToken` | string | Yes | OAuth access token for Jira |
| `domain` | string | Yes | Your Jira domain \(e.g., yourcompany.atlassian.net\) |
| `projectId` | string | Yes | Jira project ID |
| `cloudId` | string | No | Jira cloud ID |

#### Output

| Parameter | Type |
| --------- | ---- |
| `issues` | array |



## Block Configuration

### Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description | 
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- | 
| `operation` | string | Yes | Operation |



### Outputs

| Output | Type | Description |
| ------ | ---- | ----------- |
| `response` | object | Output from response |
| ↳ `ts` | string | ts of the response |
| ↳ `issueKey` | string | issueKey of the response |
| ↳ `summary` | string | summary of the response |
| ↳ `description` | string | description of the response |
| ↳ `created` | string | created of the response |
| ↳ `updated` | string | updated of the response |
| ↳ `success` | boolean | success of the response |
| ↳ `url` | string | url of the response |


## Notes

- Category: `tools`
- Type: `jira`
